(Episode 13)
You also know how much your dad...
despised Soo Ho.
Does Soo Ho also know...
Look for the articles right away.
how he tried to send him to an orphanage?
You're horrible.
Don't you feel bad for him?
You're the one who made money...
with the stolen documents written by Doctor Moon.
What did you say? Shut your mouth.
If you send him to an orphanage,
I'm going to run away too.
Once Soo Ho begins to investigate his past,
he'll find everything about your dad too.
We can discuss everything else in person.
Do you want to listen to music?
Is there something you want?
No.
What are you thinking about?
Can we take a walk for a bit?
What's wrong? You seem down.
Is it because of the old house?
How did you put up with it?
Pardon?
You probably knew that...
my parents were nice to you only out of courtesy.
Well...
It must've been really hard on you
Still, it was better than staying in a dormitory.
I got to see you during breaks.
My dad...
was going to send you to an orphanage.
I saw the application form...
and talked back to him for the first time.
You've been protecting me since then.
No.
You went abroad to study...
before my dad sent you to an orphanage.
I would've turned out well even if I grew up there.
So what's the problem?
Doctor Moon wasn't killed by the fire.
Your dad killed him.
Do you have anything else to say?
No.
Hae Ra.
It's too cold. Let's go.
You said you wanted to buy fruits.
Yes.
Your nose is running.
- You're lying. - You got me.
Tell me about the new evidence and witness.
There are so many of them.
Are they related to Chairman Park?
Some are construction firm executives.
What else?
Is there something you heard?
No.
Let's buy some apples and pears.
What's wrong?
Is there more stuff to buy?
Just meat.
Okay. Let's get that and go home.
Didn't we say we'd never see each other again?
I never knew Gon was your son.
I only found out later that...
he worked for Chul Min Development.
Why did you want to see me?
Your son wants me to pay three times the penalty.
Please waiver the penalty.
Then I'll give you a small gift.
A gift?
I won't tell Mr. Moon...
about the incident from the past.
It turns out that he's Dr. Moon's son.
The incident from the past.
What was that incident?
I'll consider the penalty waived.
I'm off to work.
It would've been better if you didn't exist.
Give Dal Hong his property back.
Dad.
Don't ever see him again.
Even if he disappears, don't wonder about him.
Got it?
The lab was burned down,
and my father died in the fire.
Why are you watching the show...
Hae Ra's boyfriend was on?
He's not Hae Ra's boyfriend.
- Then, - The checkup's thorough.
is he her husband?
Never mind.
I think the fire wasn't caused by a short circuit.
I believe those who'd benefit from...
demolishing the lab did it.
Was Chul Min one of the ones who benefited?
Hey.
Make me some spring clothes.
I want a pair of pants, a half-coat,
a long dress, and a mini skirt.
And starting tomorrow,
let's go find Jeom Bok together.
You're ordering clothes...
to keep me working here,
and asking me to find him to drag me around.
You're trying to keep me away from Soo Ho's house.
I see you're not dumb.
I saw Chul Min.
Where did you see him?
Around here.
He came here and left his name card.
How did he know about this place?
I don't know about that.
He said he wanted to develop the area.
What did he say to you?
Seo Rin.
I became rich because of you.
He's been in love with me all this time.
Don't think about seeing him.
Don't think about using him either.
He became old and ugly.
After seeing him, I got too sad and got sick.
He's a monster who only cares about money.
How do you know that?
Have you met him?
He has become a notorious speculator.
There are a lot of things you don't tell me about.
You're better off not hearing them.
I'll make your clothes pretty.
Hey. I'm not done talking here.
Did she sharpen a knife?
Wait. What's this?
- Stop! - Stop this now!
- Stop! - Stop!
- What's this? - Stop there.
- Goodness. - What is that?
Gosh.
What?
Now?
Did you call the police?
Okay. I'll be right there.
Meet me there.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
I won't be late.
You should go in first. I'm sorry.
Okay.
That's strange.
I can't believe a skeleton was found here.
What happened?
It looks like it's been dead for over 10 years.
They need to run a test to be sure.
Until 10 years ago, this lot was far from a road.
So it wasn't easy to access.
Even after roads were paved,
no buildings were built here.
Was there anything else?
We didn't find an ID card or anything with him.
His clothes are all worn out.
They said they'd start the investigation...
with the list of missing people.
We told them we'd let them know...
if we found something as well.
Do at least a simple memorial service...
for him tomorrow.
He was able to be found...
because Mr. Moon began the construction.
If he had a resentful death,
he'd be grateful to us for finding him.
Okay.
You shouldn't think it's bad luck.
Don't worry.
I hope he goes back to his family.
We'll resolve his resentment.
This is a good thing.
Are you asleep?
No.
We had a problem in the construction site.
But it's been solved well.
Was it about the construction site?
Yes, at the hanok hotel construction site.
Did anyone get injured?
No, you don't need to worry.
Come here and have some strawberries.
I'll go first.
Okay.
Are you feeling any better?
I'm all right.
You look so young,
but I guess you do get sick.
No one will think you're in your 40s.
What do you mean, I'm in my 40s?
That's not funny.
When Hae Ra first visited your tailor shop,
you must've been 27 or 28 years old.
That's about 15 years ago.
I was 18 years old then.
What?
Why would you talk about age?
It's not trendy to ask about one's age,
educational background, and father's job.
Citrus tea is good for cold.
Hae Ra, you're very nice to me.
Because I like pretty people.
Have a lot of fruits too.
What's that ring?
Oh, this?
I got it as a gift.
It looks like a queen's ring.
Can I take a look at it?
Sure.
When will the hotel construction be completed?
Maybe in spring next year.
Once it's done,
let's go see it together.
Of course.
- Goodness. - Are you okay?
Tell me where you're hurting.
Should I call an ambulance?
I'm okay.
I get stomach cramps from time to time...
when my health condition isn't all right.
Are you sure you don't have to go to a hospital?
I'm all right.
I'll go rest in my room.
- Yes? - It's me.
I found this in my room.
I put it there on purpose.
When did you come into my room?
I went in only to put it there.
I want to be in your room as well then.
Come in.
I like your room.
It's only a tenant's room.
I remember this photo.
It was during the Chuseok holiday.
Right.
I felt sorry because we took it without you.
How did your father pass away?
He was on his business trip.
I got a call that he collapsed from overwork.
My mom collapsed in shock.
I spent a few days in a hectic.
Gon's father came...
and said he took care of it well.
Did you check the hospital record?
Young Mi's parents checked the record.
I see.
Can I see them?
They're in Canada.
They'll come to Korea for Young Mi's wedding.
Can you call Young Mi...
and tell her that I want to talk to her parents?
Why?
To check if Chairman Park told the truth.
Please ask her today.
Okay.
It's been a while since we last talked to each other.
You must be busy with your dating.
Are your parents still in Canada?
It's cold during this time,
so they might be in San Diego now.
Why do you ask about the incident suddenly?
Soo Ho must want to ask something.
It happened such a long time ago,
so I'm not sure if my parents remember it well.
It's about your father,
so why is he curious about it?
Because he stayed in my house...
for two years like family.
Okay.
I'll talk to them.
Thanks.
Why would you go through my study?
What are you suspecting?
He handed me this paper...
so that I can check if it can be commercialized.
Don't you remember?
Moon Joon Seong...
handed it to you?
Yes, I told you about this before.
What are you two scheming...
without me?
Why do you keep changing in a strange way?
Hae Ra's friends are downstairs.
You snuck in and went through my study.
What are you doing like a rat?
A rat?
I didn't see anything...
on Hae Ra's birthday...
and the other night either.
I don't remember a thing.
I don't.
Stop being mad at me.
Don't be so touched by these little flowers.
I'll be nicer.
Let's go to Gangneung to see the night sea.
Now?
Yes, now.
If I don't,
I might go crazy out of suffocation.
Okay, let's go.
Thanks.
Please close the store for me.
(I'm a researcher who used to work with Doctor Moon.)
(Doctor Moon was killed by his friend, Mr. Jung.)
(I'll send you the evidence soon.)
You're up.
Mr. Moon went out early in the morning,
and Hae Ra just went to work too.
Everyone seems busy.
Mr. Moon left you some medicine...
for your fatigue and stomachache.
(Gastrointestinal agents)
I'll thank him later.
And Hae Ra made some porridge.
Have some.
Aunt Sook Hee.
Where did she get that ring?
No idea.
It didn't look cheap.
I wanted to tell her to take it off...
because it looked too old-fashioned.
It doesn't match the clothes I gave her.
She left it at home.
She was afraid she'll stand out at work.
Aunt Sook Hee.
You should stop by my shop later today.
I don't run errands.
I prepared good quality wool and cashmere.
You can go and choose one.
You needed a half-coat, right?
Have some.
It doesn't matter if it's categorized as...
a developing area or for an urban restoration.
People are bound to jump in to make money.
A lot of illegal things are done...
since money is involved in this business.
I heard you have a painful personal story.
Was that another motivating factor?
Yes. I believe my dad was sacrificed because of...
people who fought for their privileges.
We're looking for any reports from people...
who worked in the lab or anyone with information...
about the apartment's building permit.
I'm sure people will report after this show.
Thank you.
- Let's go. - Yes.
I think these are from Chairman Park's side.
Please check.
And most of the reports won't be trustworthy.
Make sure you filter them.
Okay.
(Danmi Jewelry)
Can you make a ring that looks exactly like this?
It has to be exactly the same.
As soon as possible.
Yes, they are the guys who help out my dad.
Did they do something?
This was taken right in front of my office.
They followed Hae Ra and me into a market.
I apologize on his behalf.
This won't happen again.
Mr. Park.
Your dad has a scar on his right ankle, right?
How do you know that?
On the day of the fire at the lab,
I fell down and held him by the ankle,
asking him for help.
I saw that scar as he abandoned me.
I believe the construction company...
paid him to set fire to the lab.
My dad isn't that bold.
He did it on purpose, knowing people were there.
Mr. Moon.
You are stepping way over the line.
I heard you had a bad case of inferiority complex.
Among your friends, you're the least successful one.
Don't blow this up,
and tell him to come, kneel down, and apologize.
He despises me,
and I hate him too.
But I still have to be on his side.
I'll wait for an interesting story.
We should go look in one more place.
Where on earth are you going to find Jeom Bok?
He was good at drawing.
He's probably hiding in some place like this.
You might as well put out an ad.
"Looking for Jeom Bok, alive since Joseon times."
"The hint is that he draws well."
Once we find him,
something about us will change too.
The letters on our arms might disappear.
We'll be able to find an answer.
How do you know?
It's a gut feeling.
Hae Ra has a silver ring.
She got it from Soo Ho.
I wonder where he got that from.
It's not your ring.
None of your business.
The ring returned to its rightful owner,
but the letters are still there.
That means she's not the owner.
If you...
covet after that ring, it'll be really bad.
It's too hot to touch anyway.
Don't worry.
Jeom Bok tour, dismissed.
Soo Ho already knows...
that my dad made money...
with Doctor Moon's research.
I told him about the orphanage too.
On the day of Doctor Moon's death,
your dad was with him.
I was there too.
I pretended to help them while pocketing...
things from their storage and sold them for money.
That's my only crime.
That day,
I went to pocket some cotton swabs,
and saw your dad there.
They were in a huge fight.
I was in the storage,
then I heard a huge explosion,
so I ran away.
Did you think I would believe you?
He only sponsored Soo Ho...
out of guilt.
Of course, he had to find the original copy of...
his dad's research.
He probably wanted to look like a generous person.
I have your dad's handwritten agreement too.
It says he won't use the research...
for his business without Doctor Moon's consent.
But he betrayed his friend and...
I don't care if you expose everything.
I'm worried that Soo Ho might get hurt,
but everything else is...
for him to decide.
You like him.
Yes.
I do.
Would he still like you...
after finding out everything?
Even if he ends up hating me,
I can't help it.
I'll be leaving, then.
Hae Ra.
In times like these, you usually ask,
"What do you want from me?"
What is it?
Keep showing that lonely kid some love.
And make him stop what he's doing now.
Both the restoration and the reinvestigation.
And it's for your dad's sake too.
I want to hide my past of living as a petty thief.
Mr. Park.
Are you sure...
that my dad had a natural burial?
Of course.
If you have any sorrows, leave them here.
Please rest in peace with the rest of your family.
Did you find any other possessions?
No, not yet.
What about the gender and age?
They believe it's a man in his 40s.
[VIU Ver] E13 Black Knight "Don't You Touch My Ring"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hae Ra.
What brings you here?
I came to talk to Chairman Park.
I'll get going now.
Wait.
What did my dad say?
It was nothing.
It's okay. You can tell me.
Gosh, it's cold.
What's going on?
It's nothing.
I just had a meeting with Chairman Park.
Why?
Did you talk to your parents?
Well, I can't get a hold of them.
I'll call them again later.
Let me know.
What was she talking about?
She said she wanted to...
wish them a happy new year.
Why all of a sudden?
I don't know.
Let's go upstairs.
Feel free to try these.
Try this one.
- Hello. - Welcome.
You're the one who like the red bean bread.
Yes, I'm the travel agent who came here before.
Text messages sent from the web...
can't be traced by the provider.
Only the Cyber Police can trace it.
But they do it only for fraud or blackmail.
Maybe it was a prank.
We'll leave it for now.
It might not be a prank.
You should be prepare for that too.
Let's go.
Okay.
I got a lot of calls from former lab researchers.
They said they'd come and help anytime.
I'm so grateful.
A lot of people are on our side.
Cheer up!
(Hae Ra)
(Soo Ho)
Nari Trade will...
put the 300-person event up for a bid.
They should just give it to us like usual.
Why are they being abusive?
We can get it.
No!
I just came out of a meeting.
The idea is too old fashioned.
Where's Hae Ra?
It's been 10 minutes.
I'm thinking.
Hae Ra.
You always come up with weird ideas.
Why are you quiet today?
I'm thinking really hard right now.
Gosh. You're driving me crazy.
Let me take a break.
What? No, you can't. You didn't do anything.
Come up with an idea. Then take a break.
If you can't take care of this,
you're fired.
Come on.
Go and take a break.
Excuse me.
Hi, you're from the Blacksmith's.
Hello.
Mr. Moon sends you pastries.
They just came out of the oven.
They are seafood vegetable pastries.
Try them. They're good.
Ju Hee.
Thanks, Chan Ki.
Goodness.
You've been busy, haven't you?
Mr. Moon will drop by because he's nearby.
Is he not busy?
Why does he visit so often?
- Hello. - Mr. Moon!
Thanks for coming.
Hi, Ms. Jung.
- Were you in a meeting? - Yes.
Our client is making us enter a bid.
So we're trying to come up with ideas.
Hae Ra will be responsible for the bid.
Why does she have to be responsible?
She said she would.
- When? - Earlier.
- No, she didn't. - I'll make her.
Goodness.
Ms. Jung.
I guess you like seafood vegetable bread.
Pardon?
I like it.
Seafood.
Yes, seafood.
You and I need to talk, Chan Ki.
I got it.
- What? - Where?
Oh, seafood.
When the former chairman was taking refuge...
in Busan, he had to eat sujebi all the time.
So his mother worked at a harbor to get...
octopus and fish to cook seafood sujebi.
The whole family cried eating the seafood sujebi.
It's a famous story.
Keep going.
We'll hire the seafood sujebi chef...
from Seongbuk-dong,
and present a special menu.
That's a great idea.
We'll arrange it with the local hotel.
And bring the ingredients from Korea.
We'll offer them a sujebi feast for dinner.
"Let's go together as one" will be the motto.
- That's great. - I think it'll work.
It's nice.
She presented what I had in my head really well.
Give her a round of applause.
Hae Ra.
- That's amazing. - Good job.
- Your idea is awesome. - Great job, Hae Ra.
- Good work. - Nice.
- Jung Hae Ra. - Jung Hae Ra.
Thanks.
Congratulations on getting applauded.
Soo Ho.
Yes?
I love you.
We'll do the rest at home.
See you later.
I'll see you at home.
You're here.
I came here...
because I can't get a hold of you at home.
I'm sorry. I had a lot of work to do.
Thanks for the medicine this morning.
I feel much better now.
I agree with you.
There's a reason why people are...
crazy about retro movement.
I want Geumseong-dong...
to remain as an old neighborhood.
Aren't you uncomfortable at my house?
No. I'm having fun.
I'm relieved.
Do you like japchae?
I'll make it for dinner tonight.
Sure.
That's good to hear.
Come home early.
Okay. I'll see you at home.
Oh, right.
I'm not sure if this will be helpful,
but I saw someone...
on the night the lab was on fire.
I didn't find him strange...
because he looked like a gentleman.
But he wasn't from the lab.
I remembered it recently...
after seeing a picture.
What picture?
I don't want you to misunderstand me.
I saw someone...
who looked kind of similar.
I saw him in Hae Ra's family picture.
I remember him being tall and wearing glasses.
Do you remember this picture?
It was during Chuseok.
You might have seen the same person.
He used to visit the lab often.
I guess he visited the lab...
on the day it was on fire too.
He seemed angry when he entered the lab.
Please don't say that to Hae Ra.
Sure. I'll see you at home.
Goodbye, Mr. Han.
Goodbye, Chan Ki.
It's strange.
I'm sure I left it here.
Aunt Sook Hee.
What?
Have you seen my ring here?
I haven't.
I've never come in your room today.
I was in the tailor shop.
What for?
She told me to choose a fabric for my new coat.
Where did it go then?
Did it disappear?
Yes.
I put it here for sure, and it's gone.
It's strange.
I told Sharon...
that you forgot to wear your ring.
Well...
I'm sorry to ask you this question.
What is it?
Have you seen my ring by any chance?
I put it in my jewelry box, and it's gone.
Oh, I took it.
Why?
It looked rare, but a little tainted.
I wanted to clean it for you.
You don't need to do that next time.
Give it back to me right now.
They can clean cheap rings on the spot,
but it takes a few days to clean expensive rings.
I'll get it back for you, so don't worry.
Do you like japchae?
It's delicious.
Go get it right now.
I want...
that ring back right now.
The store must be closed at this hour.
Why did you touch my stuff without permission?
You know I got it as a gift...
and its meaning too.
So how could you take that without my permission?
I did it as a favor.
You bought me strawberries...
and were good to me.
Then you should've paid me back with strawberries.
Why did you have to take my ring?
You know what it means to me.
What does it mean to you?
It's a ring I got from my lover.
What's going on?
Sharon, you're at fault in this.
It's rude to take someone else's ring.
I didn't steal it.
I only meant to clean it for her.
Still, it's right to ask for her permission first.
And the ring has its glamor the way it is.
I hate it if you have to polish it unnaturally.
Okay.
I'll tell them not to clean it.
Give me the store's number.
I'll go get it right now.
What's wrong with you?
Are you doing this on purpose?
Hae Ra, that's enough.
I'll go get it tomorrow.
Why did you come in my room in the first place?
How could you take my ring without permission...
and leave it to the store for cleaning?
You know I want to dress you up nicely.
Forget it.
Give me the number now.
Stop it and go in your room.
- Aunt Sook Hee. - Okay.
- Go to your room. - He's right, Hae Ra.
Calm down now. Let's go to your room.
Calm down, Hae Ra.
- Goodness. - I know.
You should calm down too, Seo Rin.
She's absolutely at fault on this,
but you've gotten so worked up.
I really don't understand her.
Drink some water and calm down.
I'll go get you some water.
You take all my clothes without any complaints,
but why are you so worked up with that ring?
Are you protesting on purpose?
What?
Are you gone too proud because I dressed up...
a beggar like you and for staying at a fancy house?
You think it suits you to be treated as a princess?
Let me go!
You...
Let go.
Your father...
was there when the lab caught on fire.
I saw him enter the lab with a mad face.
Shall I go report this to the police?
Or should I post it on the internet?
Are you okay?
Let's go out.
I was making japchae for our dinner.
It's upsetting.
Where did you leave the ring?
I'll go get it now.
It's closed at this hour.
I'll get it tomorrow or the day after.
Don't worry.
It was thoughtless of you.
I'll reserve you a five-star hotel.
I'll let you stay there from next week.
With the ring he gave you,
I'll kill you.
Don't cry. It's not that you lost it.
I told her to stay at a hotel from next week.
No, I'll move out.
You need her for your business.
I need you for my life.
Soo Ho.
Yes?
Can I ask you out for a date?
It reminds me of the winter break.
It reminds me of doing your vacation homework.
What do you mean? I don't remember any of it.
There. Let's go.
- Stand up slowly. - Let's go.
Goodness.
One step at a time.
My gosh, I almost fell.
Wait for me.
- Go! - Where are you going?
Don't leave me here.
- Left foot. - Be careful.
- Right foot. - Oh, my gosh.
Do you know when I was the happiest to tutor you?
I don't know.
When you scored 52 points on your math test.
Hey.
I was so happy.
I knew I could bring it up a lot.
Please forget my dark and black history.
But don't forget your black knight.
I have a present for you.
This is very precious and expensive,
so take it with two hands.
Okay.
Fine.
What is this?
That's your uniform jacket you left at my house.
I was going to show you...
when I see you again,
but you disappeared without a word.
Why did you take a picture in this?
Why do you think so?
This picture is...
like my diary.
I was going to start wearing that...
once I grew into it.
But when our family went bankrupt,
I lost it when we moved.
Do you want to see my diary too?
Can you read it?
I'm reading it.
If you read the entry from Christmas two years ago,
it'll surely make you cry.
What's that?
Kiss? You want to kiss?
That's last night's entry.
(Blacksmith's)
We're going to work on frontal shoulder muscles.
One.
Two. The point is...
to not put any pressure on your trapezius.
We'll work up to 50.
Don't use your trapezius.
Mr. Moon and Mr. Han must be very busy.
Yes, they're always busy.
Why?
They have to check all the incoming reports,
and Geumseong 1-dong and Geumseong 2-dong...
will soon be designated as a demo restoration area.
They have a lot on their hands.
I see.
You must be Mr. Yoon Dal Hong.
I'm here to see Mr. Moon.
He's at the City Hall in a meeting.
I'll let him know that you stopped by.
Please let him know that this is important.
Of course.
He came really early. It was before 9am.
He did go back...
because Mr. Moon wasn't there.
Does he think he's in bad luck for betraying him?
Why was he there?
"Please let him know that this is important."
He said that and left.
I have your coffee.
Thanks.
I knew it.
You're the best.
Here's the real one.
Melt this ring, and make a new blade for this.
It's not something that should be melted.
Make me the knife of three tigers.
The knife of three tigers?
On the tiger's month, day, and hour,
make a knife that is extremely hard and sharp.
Everyone, let's go get lunch.
What's this? Hae Ra, is this yours?
Yes.
Are you going somewhere?
No, I need to get it fixed.
I see. Let's go eat lunch.
I'll buy sandwiches.
Okay!
I'd like it toasted.
- Thank you. - You're the best.
Sure.
This is good.
You know that bakery in our neighborhood?
Their sales are soaring.
That's awesome.
The entire neighborhood can get revived...
with one successful business in the area.
Exactly.
- So let's keep it up. - Okay.
Let's go!
- Go! - That was too small.
I'm sorry.
I did something very shameful...
because of my greed.
I'm not here to trick you.
They're asking for cancellation fee...
that's three times the contraction fee.
I'll take care of that.
Please give me one week.
Goodbye.
Right.
Is your father Doctor Moon?
Do you know him?
I saw that on the TV show you were on.
He was a good man.
I'm not saying that I knew him personally.
I've read a few articles on the newspaper.
I'll call you later.
Sir.
I think you have something more to say.
Either you say it now, or we find out ourselves.
Which do you prefer?
I don't have anything to say.
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I'll call you later.
That was odd.
Get a certified copy of register.
Find out exactly when he purchased his properties.
Yes, sir.
Let's head one last time to the construction site.
Are we going there again?
I want to go and pray at least until today.
Yes, sir.
We stood around and bowed down...
before we got started today too.
- Great job. - Sure.
Captain, over here.
I found something weird.
I found this too.
It looks like a piece of cloth label.
(Moon Soo Ho)
Give that to the police.
Yes, sir.
Hae Ra, are you home?
Hae Ra.
(Black Knight)
Their desperate hearts...
brought them luck.
If one of them closes his or her mind,
everything will be over.
Finally everything is going back to its place.
It seems like Hae Ra left your house.
Is she well?
Did she call you?
I guess you have strange, evil power.
Then you'll die soon too.
You were my husband in my past life.
Do you want to hug me?
You will remember me.
You have to give me your unfinished love!
You disappeared without any explanations.
I don't like that.
Didn't you ask to never break up?
It was you.